No guts, no story. Chris Brady
My life is my message. Mahatma Gandhi
Screw it, let’s do it. Richard Branson
Boldness be my friend. William Shakespeare
Keep going. Be all in. Bryan Hutchinson
My life is my argument. Albert Schweitzer
Dream big. Pray bigger.
Leave no stone unturned. Euripides
Fight till the last gasp. William Shakespeare
Stay hungry. Stay foolish. Steve Jobs  
Broken crayons still color.  
And so the adventure begins.
If you want it, work for it.
You can if you think you can. George Reeves
Whatever you are, be a good one. Abraham Lincoln
Grow through what you go through.
Do it with passion or not at all.
She believed she could, so she did.
The past does not equal the future. Tony Robbins
At the end of hardship comes happiness.
Don’t dream your life, live your dream.
If it matters to you, you’ll find a way. Charlie Gilkey
Forget about style; worry about results. Bobby Orr
Whatever you do, do with all your might. Marcus Tullius Cicero
Dream without fear. Love without limits.
Every noble work is at first impossible. Thomas Carlyle (See also: hard work quotes)
If you’re going through hell, keep going. Winston Churchill
We are twice armed if we fight with faith. Plato
The wisest mind has something yet to learn. George Santanaya
Open your mind. Get up off the couch. Move. Anthony Bourdain
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself. André Gide
Persistence guarantees that results are inevitable. Paramahansa Yogananda
In life you need either inspiration or desperation. Tony Robbins
I would rather die on my feet than live on my knees. Euripides
The true success is the person who invented himself. Al Goldstein
Let him that would move the world first move himself. Socrates
Go forth on your path, as it exists only through your walking. Augustine of Hippo
We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough. Helen Keller
It is better to live one day as a lion, than a thousand days as a lamb. Roman proverb
Life is fragile. We’re not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you’ve got. Tim Cook
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and they day you find out why. Mark Twain
Fall seven times, stand up eight. Japanese proverb
You matter.  
You are loved.
Actually, you can.
Yes! Yes! You can do it!
Focus on the good.
You are doing great.
We rise by lifting others.
Be happy. Be bright. Be you.
Every day is a second chance.
You are amazing. Remember that.
Darling, you are a work of art.
Each day provides its own gifts. Marcus Aurelius
Happiness looks gorgeous on you.
You are capable of amazing things.
You are somebody’s reason to smile.
Nothing is worth more than this day. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Think like a proton, always positive.
You are stronger than you think you are.
Focus on the journey, not the destination. Greg Anderson
Believe you can and you’re halfway there. Theodore Roosevelt  
Once you choose hope, anything’s possible. Christopher Reeve
You make mistakes. Mistakes don’t make you.
Breathe. It’s just a bad day, not a bad life.
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with. W. C. Fields
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. Booker T. Washington
It’s okay to not be okay as long as you are not giving up.
If you feel like giving up, look back at how far you’ve come.
Every day may not be good but there is something good in every day.
Don’t go through life, grow through life. Eric Butterworth
You are amazing. As you are. Stronger than you know. More beautiful than you think. Tia Sparkles
Everything is going to be okay in the end. If it’s not the okay, it’s not the end.
Love.
Begin.
Let go.
Breathe.
Slow down.
Let it be.
Go for it.
I love you.
Keep going.
Choose joy.
Enjoy today.
C’est la vie.
Choose happy.
Keep it cool.
Take it easy.
Be in the now.
Live the moment.
Choose to shine.
No pain, no gain.
Do it. With love.
Love conquers all.
Keep your chin up.
Follow your heart.
Don’t rush things.
You only live once.
Never stop dreaming.
Now is all you have.
Keep moving forward.
This too shall pass.
Every moment matters.
Love more. Worry less.
Dust settles. I don’t.
Nothing lasts forever.
Work hard. Stay humble.
Enjoy the little things.
The best is yet to come.
Better things are coming.
Collect moments – not things.
Feel the fear and do it anyway.
Life is too short to learn German. Oscar Wilde  
Why do they put pizza in a square box?
Do crabs think we walk sideways? Bill Murray
Don’t be humble, you’re not that great. Indira Gandhi (See also: confidence quotes)
I intend to live forever. So far, so good. Steven Wright
My life feels like a test I didn’t study for.
Why is there an expiration date on sour cream? George Carlin
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol. Steven Wright
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night. Steve Martin
In heaven, all the interesting people are missing. Friedrich Nietzsche
The last woman I was in was the Statue of Liberty. Woddy Allen
Women want love to be a novel. Men, a short story. Daphne du Maurier
Guests, like fish, begin to smell after three days. Benjamin Franklin
Whoever named it necking is a poor judge of anatomy. Groucho Marx
Change is inevitable – except from a vending machine. Robert C. Gallagher
I bet giraffes don’t even know what farts smell like. Bill Murray
Every novel is a mystery novel if you never finish it.
Why is the slowest traffic of the day called ‘rush hour’?
It’s easy to quit smoking. I’ve done it hundreds of times. Mark Twain
The risk I took was calculated, but man, I am bad at math.
I couldn’t repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder. Steven Wright
Do not read the next sentence. You little rebel, I like you.
Just when I discovered the meaning of life, they changed it. George Carlin
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won’t expect it back. Oscar Wilde  
If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in a library? Lily Tomlin
I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by. Douglas Adams
I never feel more alone than when I’m trying to put sunscreen on my back. Jimmy Kimmel
The key to eating healthy is not eating any food that has a TV commercial. Mike Birbiglia
I’ve got to keep breathing. It’ll be my worst business mistake if I don’t. Steve Martin
There are three types of people in this world: those who can count, and those who can’t.
The closest a person ever comes to perfection is when he fills out a job application form.
No rain. No flowers.  
Shine like the stars.
You make my heart smile.
You will forever be my always.
Your voice is my favorite sound.
Throw kindness around like confetti.
My favorite place is inside your hug.  
I still fall in love with you every day.
You smile, I smile. That’s how it works.
She was a rainbow, but he was color blind.
We were born to be real, not to be perfect. Liggy Webb
When I count my blessings, I count you twice.
If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life. Oscar Wilde
When it rains look for rainbows. When it’s dark look for stars.
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you are the world. Bill Wilson
I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you. Ray Croft
Be a voice. Not an echo.  
Seek the seeker. Ramana Maharshi
Every wall is a door. Ralph Waldo Emerson
The only truth is music. Jack Kerouac
Silence is an answer too.
If youth knew; if age could. Sigmund Freud
Time is the soul of this world. Pythagoras
Stars can’t shine without darkness.
He not busy being born is busy dying. Bob Dylan
It takes a long time to become young. Pablo Picasso
Be who you needed when you were young.
Innocence is courage and clarity both. Osho
Find what you love and let it kill you. Charles Bukowski
Sadness flies away on the wings of time. Jean de La Fontaine
I am not young enough to know everything. Oscar Wilde
Life is like the ocean, it goes up and down. Vanessa Paradis
The eyes are useless when the mind is blind.
If you’re not confused, you’re not paying attention. Tom Peters
You’ve gotta know what death is to know life. Jack Kevorkian
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today. Will Rogers
Forgiveness is giving up hope for a better past.
Be kind to unkind people, they need it the most.
Character like a photograph, develops in darkness.
Life is a question and how we live it is our answer. Gary Keller  
God provides the wind, but man must raise the sails. Augustine of Hippo
Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth. Pablo Picasso
Enlightenment is when a wave realizes it is the ocean.
The truth isn’t always beauty, but the hunger for it is. Nadine Gordimer
This is your life, and it’s ending one minute at a time.
Hearts are wild creatures, that’s why our ribs are cages.
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit. kahlil Gibran
Your faith can move mountains and your doubt can create them.
The knowledge of happiness brings the knowledge of unhappiness. Swami Vivekananda
There are those who give with joy, and that joy is their reward. kahlil Gibran
Life is the car, your heart is the key and God is the chauffeur. Sri Sathya Sai Baba
You are not a drop in the ocean. You are the entire ocean in a drop. Rumi
Normality is a paved road: it’s comfortable to walk, but no flowers grow on it.
One is never afraid of the unknown; one is afraid of the known coming to an end. Jiddu Krishnamurti
When you’re happy you enjoy the music, when you’re sad you understand the lyrics.
When you’ve seen beyond yourself, then you may find, peace of mind is waiting there. George Harrison
You have to be odd to be number one. Dr. Seuss  
Please all, and you will please none. Aesop
The fool wonders, the wise man asks. Benjamin Disraeli
A smooth sea never made a skillful sailor.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
A man can’t ride your back unless it’s bent. Martin Luther King Jr
Don’t raise your voice. Improve your argument.
Chop your own wood and it will warm you twice. Henry Ford
Some people are so poor, all they have is money. Jack Kerouac
All generalizations are false, including this one. Mark Twain
It’s not what you look at that matters, it’s what you see. Henry David Thoreau
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. Winston Churchill
It’s so strange that autumn is so beautiful; yet everything is dying.
It’s no wonder that truth is stranger than fiction. Fiction has to make sense. Mark Twain
The man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd. James Crook
What counts can’t always be counted; what can be counted doesn’t always count. Albert Einstein
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death. Leonardo da Vinci
Life is not about how fast you run or how high you climb, but how well you bounce. Vivian Komori
Concentration is the ability to think about absolutely nothing when it is absolutely necessary. Ray Knight
It is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to open one’s mouth and remove all doubt. Mark Twain
So it goes. Kurt Vonnegut  
Live the life you’ve dreamed. Henry David Thoreau
Life is not fair; get used to it. Bill Gates
Life is a long lesson in humility. James M. Barrie
Life is a lively process of becoming. Douglas MacArthur
The unexamined life is not worth living. Socrates
Life is largely a matter of expectation. Homer
Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly. Mae West
Don’t wait. Life goes faster than you think.
Be soft. Do not let the world make you hard.
Life is too important to be taken seriously. Oscar Wilde
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. Helen Keller
The sole meaning of life is to serve humanity. Leo Tolstoy
Love the life you live. Lead the life you love. Bob Marley
Life is accepting what is and working from that. Gloria Naylor
We are all, right now, living the life we choose. Peter McWilliams
Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued. Socrates
Live your life, do your work, then take your hat. Henry David Thoreau  
Life got to be about more than just solving problems. Elon Musk
Life isn’t as serious as the mind makes it out to be. Eckhart Tolle
Life is about making an impact, not making an income. Kevin Kruse
The quality of life is more important than life itself. Alexis Carrel
You have to die a few times before you can really live. Charles Bukowski
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage. Anaïs Nin
Life is defined more by its risks than by its samenesses. Mary Anne Radmacher
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. Mae West
Sometimes life has its way with you when you least expect it. Jon Hamm
Life isn’t about getting and having, it’s about giving and being. Kevin Kruse
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards. Soren Kierkegaard
Life is amazing. Life is fucking messy. Life is what you make of it. Dwayne Johnson
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced. Soren Kierkegaard
Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing. Oscar Wilde
Only one life that soon is past, only what’s done with love will last.
Don’t be afraid your life will end. Be afraid that it will never begin. Grace Hansen
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. Oscar Wilde
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. Albert Einstein
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: it goes on. Robert Frost
Life really does begin at forty. Up until then, you are just doing research. Carl Gustav Jung
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away. William Skakespeare
Life, it seems, is nothing if not a series of initiations, transitions, and incorporations. Alan Dundes
Life becomes harder for us when we live for others, but it also becomes richer and happier. Albert Schweitzer
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away. Maya Angelou
Life is pure adventure, and the sooner we realize that, the quicker we will be able to treat life as art. Maya Angelou
I’ve never been poor, only broke. Being poor is a frame of mind. Being broke is only a temporary situation. Mike Todd
Enjoy the little things in life because one day you’ll look back and realize they were the big things.
I think people spend too much time staring into screens and not enough time drinking wine, tongue kissing, and dancing under the moon. Rachel Wolchin
To love is to act. Victor Hugo  
All you need is love. John Lennon
Do all things with love. Og Mandino
Every lover is a soldier. Ovid
Who, being loved, is poor? Oscar Wilde
Speak low, if you speak love. William Shakespeare
Love is the absence of judgment. 14th Dalai Lama
If you wished to be loved, love. Seneca
Love the sinner and hate the sin. Augustine of Hippo
If a thing loves, it is infinite. William Blake
In true love, you attain freedom. Thich Nhat Hanh
Economized love is never real love. Honore De Balzac
Love does not dominate; it cultivates. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The more you judge, the less you love. Honore de Balzac
Lovers quarrels are the renewal of love. Terence
Life is a game and true love is a trophy. Rufus Wainwright  
To love is to receive a glimpse of heaven. Karen Sunde
Love is the flower you’ve got to let grow. John Lennon
If love appears, boundaries will disappear. Osho
Intense love does not measure, it just gives. Mother Teresa
They do not love that do not show their love. William Shakespeare
Absence sharpens love, presence strengthens it. Benjamin Franklin
The more you love, the more you become lovable. Osho
You cannot save people, you can just love them. Anaïs Nin
Love is a thing that is full of cares and fears. Ovid
It is love alone that gives worth to all things. Teresa of Avila
Life in abundance comes only through great love. Elbert Hubbard
Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom. Rabindranath Tagore
If you judge people, you have no time to love them. Mother Teresa
Never love anyone who treats you like you’re ordinary. Oscar Wilde
You give me the kind of feeling people write novels about.
Follow love and it will flee, flee love and it will follow. John Gay
Love is like the wind, you can’t see it but you can feel it. Nicholas Sparks
Stay away from people who make you feel like you’re hard to love.
Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood. George Orwell
Never let an opportunity to tell someone how much they mean to you.
The quickest way to get someone’s attention is to no longer want it.
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen. Francois de La Rochefoucauld
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. Mother Teresa
Do what you love. Know your own bone; gnaw at it, bury it, unearth it, and gnaw it still. Henry David Thoreau
Love needs great courage. It needs great courage because it needs the sacrifice of the ego. Osho
I don’t have time to worry about who doesn’t like me. I’m too busy loving people who love me.
Do not seek the because – in love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions. Anaïs Nin
Whoever loves becomes humble. Those who love have, so to speak, pawned a part of their narcissism. Sigmund Freud
You are enough.  
Nobody is perfect.
Make yourself a priority.
This is who the fuck I am. Lady Gaga
Find yourself, and be that.
Different doesn’t mean wrong.
Where’s your will to be weird? Jim Morrison  
Above all things, reverence yourself. Pythagoras
Self-respect knows no considerations. Mahatma Gandhi
No one is laughable who laughs at himself. Seneca
Why fit in when you were born to stand out? Dr. Seuss
Personal love is concentrated universal love. Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
You are not designed for everyone to like you.
Accept who you are. Unless you’re a serial killer. Ellen DeGeneres
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are. Kurt Cobain
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance. Oscar Wilde
Whatever makes you weird is probably your greatest asset.
If you are lonely when you’re alone, you are in bad company. Jean-Paul Sartre
The worst loneliness is not to be comfortable with yourself. Mark Twain
I’m currently under construction. Thank you for your patience.
The reward for conformity is that everyone likes you but yourself. Rita Mae Brown
Be yourself. People don’t have to like you, and you don’t have to care.
Your value doesn’t decrease based on someone’s inability to see your worth.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not. André Gide
I found that there is only one thing that heals every problem, and that is: to know how to love yourself. Louise Hay
See also: love yourself quotes
Smile, it’s free therapy.
Freedom lies in being bold. Robert Frost
A happy wife is a happy life. Gavin Rossdale
Happiness lies in perspective.
Boredom: the desire for desires. Leo Tolstoy
Do more of what makes you happy.
Happiness depends upon ourselves. Aristotle
The less I needed, the better I felt. Charles Bukowski
Be happy in the moment, that’s enough. Mother Teresa
Happiness can exist only in acceptance. George Orwell
Man is the artificer of his own happiness. Henry David Thoreau
One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory. Rita Mae Brown
To live happily is an inward power of the soul. Marcus Aurelius
Anything you’re good at contributes to happiness. Bertrand Russell
A happy soul is the best shield for a cruel world. Atticus
There is no way to happiness. Happiness is the way. Thich Nhat Hanh
Never expect anything. You’ll never be disappointed.
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others. Buddha  
Happiness is the absence of the pursuit of happiness.
Stay true to you and you will end up incredibly happy.
Happiness is needing less. Unhappiness is wanting more.
If you carry joy in your heart, you can heal any moment. Carlos Santana
Life’s greatest happiness is to be convinced we are loved. Victor Hugo
Be happy with what you have. Be excited about what you want. Alan Cohen
Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough. Emily Dickinson
To be content means that you realize you contain what you seek. Alan Cohen
Happy are those who dare courageously to defend what they love. Ovid
Whatever it is, find something to be excited about for tomorrow.
Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness. Frank Tyger
The key to happiness is doing something you like every single day. Victor Pride
We don’t laugh because we’re happy – we’re happy because we laugh. William James
Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling. Margaret Lee Runbeck
True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of one’s self. Joseph Addison
Base your happiness on taking action toward those goals, not on attaining them. Laura J. Tong
A lifetime of happiness! No man alive could bear it: it would be hell on earth. George Bernard Shaw
Most people have never learned that one of the main aims in life is to enjoy it. Samuel Butler
Happiness cannot be accumulated. What is accumulated is always destructed by time. Jiddu Krishnamurti
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul. Democritus
A friend is a second self. Aristotle
Choose people who lift you up. Michelle Obama
Find your tribe. Love them hard.
Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud.
Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes. Friedrich Nietzsche
Any day spent with you is my favorite day.
The only way to have a friend is to be one. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Friends are the siblings God never gave us. Mencius
Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer. Jean de La Fontaine
The good man is the friend of all living things. Mahatma Gandhi
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives. Euripides
Treasure your relationships, not your possessions. Anthony J. D’Angelo  
Friendship always benefits; love sometimes injures. Seneca
The language of friendship is not words but meanings. Henry David Thoreau
Friends? You don’t need more than your few close ones. Alden Tan
Wherever we are, it is our friends that make our world. Henry Drummond
It’s a beautiful thing to love others just as they are.
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me. Henry Ford
If you have one true friend you have more than your share. Thomas Fuller
The real business of life is trying to understand each other. Gilbert Parker
People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges. Joseph F. Newton
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness. Euripides
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you. Elbert Hubbard
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it. Hubert H. Humphrey
True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable. David Tyson
‘Enough’ is a feast. Buddhist proverb
Count your blessings. Og Mandino
Be obsessively grateful.
Gratitude changes everything.
Gratitude is the sign of noble souls. Aesop
Start each day with a grateful heart.
Joy is the simplest form of gratitude. Karl Barth
Expect nothing and appreciate everything.
A grateful heart is a magnet for miracles.
Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty. Doris Day
Silent gratitude isn’t very much to anyone. Gertrude Stein
Don’t forget who was with you from the start.
When one has a grateful heart, life is so beautiful. Roy T. Bennett
Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened. Ludwig Jacobowski  
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul. Henry Ward Beecher
The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude. Friedrich Nietzsche
Pull over to the side of your journey and look how far you’ve come.
How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard. Winnie the Pooh
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others. Marcus Tullius Cicero
Kindness is wisdom. Philip James Bailey
Kindness is contagious.
Fair and softly goes far. Miguel de Cervantes
Kindness is always beautiful.
Real kindness seeks no return.
Be gentle first with yourself. Lama Yeshe
Do small things with great love. Mother Teresa
You will never regret being kind.
In the end, only kindness matters.
For it is in giving that we receive. Francis of Assisi
No one has ever become poor by giving. Anne Frank
Kind people are the best kind of people.
Kindness is not an act, it’s a lifestyle.
The more sympathy you give, the less you need. Malcolm S. Forbes
In a world where you can be anything, be kind.
Be kind to unkind people. They need it the most.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle Ian Maclaren
Kindness, I’ve discovered, is everything in life. Isaac Bashevis
A warm smile is the universal language of kindness. William Arthur Ward
Be somebody who makes everybody feel like a somebody.
We are all different. Don’t judge, understand instead. Roy T. Bennett
If you can’t feed a hundred people, then feed just one. Mother Teresa
What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness? Jean-Jacques Rousseau
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. Aesop  
You can accomplish by kindness what you cannot by force. Publilius Syrus
The end result of kindness is that it draws people to you. Anita Roddick
Kindness is like snow – it beautifies everything it covers. kahlil Gibran
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do. Mother Teresa (See also: simple quotes)
It’s nice to be important, but it’s more important to be nice.
Be kinder to yourself. And then let your kindness flood the world.
How do we change the world? One random act of kindness at the time.
I don’t worry about people misinterpreting my kindness for weakness. Jason Bateman
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness. Seneca
Do less. Be more. Neil Strauss
You are your choices. Seneca
Be true to who you are.
My forte is awkwardness. Zach Galifianakis
We are what we believe we are. C.S. Lewis
Do as you wish. Be as you are.
It’s ok to put yourself first.
Know who you are and know it’s enough.
The ultimate mystery is one’s own self. Sammy Davis Jr.
Character is simply habit long continued. Plutarch
This above all: to thine own self be true. William Shakespeare
Adventure is not outside man; it is within. George Eliot
You are who you are when nobody’s watching. Stephen Fry
To know oneself, one should assert oneself. Albert Camus
The things that we love tell us what we are. Thomas Aquinas
When I am silent, I have thunder hidden inside. Rumi
I may be no better, but at least I am different. Jean-Jacques Rousseau
There is no competition because nobody can be me.
I am not the perishable body, but the eternal Self. Ramana Maharshi
What I’m looking for is not out there, it is in me. Helen Keller
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise. Sigmund Freud
Sometimes it’s only madness that makes us what we are.
As long as you can find yourself, you’ll never starve. Suzanne Collins
Self-esteem is the reputation we acquire with ourselves. Nathaniel Branden
Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is enlightenment. Lao Tzu
The only tyrant I accept in this world is the still voice within. Mahatma Gandhi  
Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority. Tom Hopkins
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. George Bernard Shaw
Never be an imitator, be always original. Don’t become a carbon copy. Osho
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. Mahatma Gandhi
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. Henry David Thoreau
Dreams don’t work unless you do.
Everything you can imagine is real. Pablo Picasso
Don’t dream your life, live your dream.
Nothing happens unless first we dream. Carl Sandburg
The dreamers are the saviors of the world. James Allen  
If you give up on your dreams, what’s left? Jim Carrey
It may be that those who do most, dream most. Stephen Butler Leacock
Make your dreams happen. Die with memories, not dreams.
If it’s still in your mind, it is worth taking the risk.
Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity. kahlil Gibran
I dream. Sometimes I think that’s the only right thing to do. Haruki Murakami
Dreams are often most profound when they seem the most crazy. Sigmund Freud
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams. Oprah Winfrey
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt
You can’t put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get. Michael Phelps
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams and live the life you have imagined. Henry David Thoreau
You are beautiful.
Be beautiful your own way.
There is beauty in simplicity.
To love beauty is to see light. Victor Hugo
Beauty awakens the soul to act. Dante Alighieri
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius.
Beauty is the promise of happiness. Stendhal
A beautiful thing is never perfect. Egyptian proverb
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it. Albert Schweitzer  
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. Confucius
Beauty always promises, but never gives anything. Simone Weil
The human soul needs actual beauty more than bread. D. H. Lawrence
Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself. Coco Chanel
I’ve never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful.
If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads. Anatole France
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy. Anne Frank
Sometimes you need to close your eyes to see the real beauty.
For me the greatest beauty always lies in the greatest clarity. Gotthold Ephraim Lessing
The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth. Lao Tzu
I don’t think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains. Anne Frank
You are imperfect, permanently and inevitably flawed. And you are beautiful. Amy Bloom
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched – they must be felt with the heart. Helen Keller
Time is money. Benjamin Franklin
Time is all we have.
Good things take time.
Time eases all things. Sophocles
Lost time is never found again. Benjamin Franklin
Time brings all things to pass. Aeschylus
Time is the wisest counsellor of all. Pericles
Time is but the stream I go fishing in. Henry David Thoreau
The trouble is, you think you have time. Jack Kornfield
Nothing is so dear and precious as time. French proverb
Time you enjoy wasting isn’t wasted time.
Time is a game played beautifully by children. Heraclitus
Don’t wait. The time will never be just right. Mark Twain
Time is what we want most, but what we use worst. William Penn
It’s not about having time, it’s about making time.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time. Leo Tolstoy
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy. William Blake
Taking crazy things seriously is a serious waste of time. Haruki Murakami
Being rich is having money, being wealthy is having time. Stephen Swid
Be patient and tough; one day this pain will be useful to you. Ovid
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Steve Jobs
If you love life, don’t waste time for time is what life is made up of. Bruce Lee
Own less. Do more.
Simplify, simplify. Henry David Thoreau
Order brings peace. St-Augustine
More life, less rush.
Buy less, choose well. Vivienne Westwood
Do more of what matters. Anthony Ongaro
Fewer things. More peace.
Brevity is the soul of wit. William Shakespeare
Stop the glorification of busy.
Simplicity is the soul of efficiency. Austin Freeman
Once you need less, you will have more.
I make myself rich by making my wants few. Henry David Thoreau
Owning less is better than organizing more. Joshua Becker
He is richest who is content with the least. Socrates
Learn to say no without explaining yourself.
Who is rich? He that rejoices in his portion. Benjamin Franklin
Owning less is great, wanting less is better. Joshua Becker  
Someone else is happy with less than you have.
You don’t need more space. You need less stuff.
Minimalism is not deprivation, it’s liberation.
The most important things in life aren’t things. Anthony J. D’Angelo
A place for everything, everything in its place. Benjamin Franklin
There is more to life than increasing its speed. Mahatma Gandhi
It is quality rather than quantity that matters. Seneca
The need for less often result in a life of more. Brian Gardner
Love people, use things. The opposite never works. The Minimalists
The verbal expression of simplicity is ‘no thanks’.
Remember, you probably already have more than you need.
Owning things has a cost, and money is the least of it. David Cain
I was living the American dream and I realized it wasn’t my dream. Joshua Fields Millburn
Stop pressing rewind on things that should be deleted in your life.
The more possessions you have, the less time you have to enjoy them.
My goal is no longer to get more done, but rather to have less to do. Francine Jay
Being a minimalist means you value yourself more than material things.
Getting all of that stuff out of your life (and your mind) is addictive. Tynan
Instead of working so hard to make ends meet, work on having fewer ends. Courtney Carver
It’s not the daily increase but daily decrease. Hack away at the unessential. Bruce Lee
Minimalism is not about having less, it’s about making room for more of what matters.
Don’t buy shit you don’t need, with money you don’t have, to impress people you don’t like. Tyler Durden, Fight Club
Our economy is based on spending billions to persuade people that happiness is buying things. Philip Slater
You don’t need to remove clutter if you don’t let it enter your home or office in the first place. Jeri Dansky
Stop trying to impress others with the things that you own. Begin inspiring them by the way you live.
What is minimalism then? It’s living lightly and gracefully on the earth. It’s uncovering who you are. Francine Jay
No ego, no pain. Chien-ju
What we think, we become. Buddha
I don’t mind what happens. Jiddu Krishnamurti
He who is contented is rich. Lao Tzu
Smile, breathe and go slowly. Thich Nhat Hanh
Even monkeys fall from trees. Japanese proverb
Confine yourself to the present. Marcus Aurelius
Enough is abundance to the wise. Euripides
Inhale the future. Exhale the past.
He who knows he has enough is rich. Lao Tzu
Wherever you are, be totally there. Eckart Tolle
Water which is too pure has no fish. Ts’ai Ken T’an
The essence of the Way is detachment. Bodhidharma
Neither seek nor avoid, take what comes. Swami Sivananda
If it comes; let it. If it goes; let it.
Be like a tree. Let the dead leaves drop. Rumi  
The greatest achievement is selflessness.
If all you can do is crawl, start crawling. Rumi
There are no problems without consciousness. Carl Gustav Jung
The quieter you become, the more you can hear. Baba Ram Dass
If you are too busy to laugh, you are too busy.
When the disciple is ready, the master appears. Osho
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. Confucius
The greatest effort is not concerned with results.
Give this moment your attention – and affection. Alex Blackwell
Who looks outside dreams, who looks inside awakens. Carl Gustav Jung
There is no path to happiness. Happiness is the path. Buddha
Awareness is freedom, it brings freedom, it yields freedom. Jiddu Krishnamurti
The only way you can endure your pain is to let it be painful. Shunryu Suzuki
Be not afraid of going slowly, be afraid only of standing still. Chinese proverb
Contentment comes not so much from great wealth as from few wants. Epictetus
Tension is who you think you should be, relaxation is who you are. Chinese proverb
The softest things in the world overcome the hardest things in the world. Lao Tzu
Do not listen with the intent to reply. But with the intent to understand.
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials. Chinese proverb
You have succeeded in life when all you really want is only what you really need. Vernon Howard
Open your mouth only if what you are going to say is more beautiful than silence.
Life is now. There was never a time when your life was not now, nor will there ever be. Eckhart Tolle
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future. If you are at peace, you are living in the present. Lao Tzu
Peace is every step. Thich Nhat Hahn
My aim in life is not to judge. Jeanne Moreau
A smile is the beginning of peace. Mother Teresa
Nonviolence is a weapon of the strong. Mahatma Gandhi
Peace is the only battle worth waging. Albert Camus
Freedom from desire leads to inner peace. Lao Tsu
It is possible to choose peace over worry.
There is no way to peace, peace is the way. A.J. Muste
Peace is costly but it is worth the expense. African proverb
Forgive, son; men are men; they needs must err. Euripides
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without. Buddha
Let nothing and no one disturb your inner peace. Luminita Saviuc
Peace and justice are two sides of the same coin. Dwight D. Eisenhower
Peace of mind comes from not wanting to change others. Gerald Jampolsky
Don’t hurry. Don’t worry. Do your best and let it rest.
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders. Lao Tzu
I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind. Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Let loose of what you can’t control. Serenity will be yours.
He is happiest, be he king or peasant, who finds peace in his home. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future. Paul Boese
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools. Martin Luther King Jr  
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding. Albert Einstein
When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace. Jimi Hendrix
The ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence. Jiddu Krishnamurti
Our task must be to free ourselves by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature and its beauty. Albert Einstein
Time discovers truth. Seneca
Truth is a pathless land. Jiddu Krishnamurti
Seek truth and you will find a path. Frank Slaughter
Adversity is the first path to truth. Lord Byron
Falsehood is easy, truth so difficult. George Eliot
Truth is on the side of the oppressed. Malcolm X
The object of the superior man is truth. Confucius
Be truthful, nature only sides with truth. Adolf Loos
There is no truth. There is only perception. Gustave Flaubert
We have art in order not to die of the truth. Friedrich Nietzsche
Man is the only creature that refuses to be what he is. Albert Camus
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth. Henry David Thoreau
We search something permanent, something that will last. Jiddu Krishnamurti
Seek not greatness, but seek truth and you will find both. Horace Mann  
To believe in something, and not to live it, is dishonest. Mahatma Gandhi
If you tell the truth, you don’t have to remember anything. Mark Twain
In a time of deceit telling the truth is a revolutionary act. George Orwell
The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it. Ayn Rand
The truth will set you free, but first it will make you miserable. James A. Garfield
Do not love leisure. Waste not a minute. Be bold. Realize the Truth, here and now. Swami Sivananda
Truth is always new. Truth is seeing a smile, a person, life, like if it was the first time. Jiddu Krishnamurti
A man who is protecting himself constantly through knowledge is obviously not a truth-seeker. Jiddu Krishnamurti
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter, and those who matter don’t mind. Bernard M. Baruch
Know thyself. Socrates
Wisdom begins in wonder. Socrates
If you judge, investigate. Seneca
Doubt grows with knowledge. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Everything popular is wrong. Oscar Wilde
What you seek is seeking you. Rumi
Observe all men, thyself most. Benjamin Franklin
Doubt is the origin of wisdom. Augustine of Hippo
Nature does nothing uselessly. Aristotle
Listen to many, speak to a few. William Shakespeare
A closed mouth catches no flies. Miguel de Cervantes
Never confuse motion with action. Benjamin Franklin
I’m wise because I’ve been foolish.
Do what is right, not what is easy.
Silence is true wisdom’s best reply. Euripides
Wisdom comes only through suffering. Aeschylus
An overflow of good converts to bad. William Shakespeare
To find yourself, think for yourself. Socrates
My life is perfect even when it’s not. Ellen DeGeneres
In teaching others we teach ourselves.
Maturity comes with experience, not age.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional. Haruki Murakami
It is better to travel well than to arrive. Buddha
What’s meant to be will always find a way.
Love is too young to know what conscience is. William Shakespeare
Wisely, and slow. They stumble that run fast. William Shakespeare  
With wisdom, comes the desire for simplicity.
Wise is he who collects the wisdom of others. Juan Guerra Caceras
Nothing has more strength than dire necessity. Euripides
He who would travel happily must travel light. Antoine de Saint-Exupery
When knowledge becomes rigid, it stops living. Anselm Kiefer
Wealth is the ability to fully experience life. Henry David Thoreau
Memory is the old, and it is afraid of the new. Osho
Nothing external to you has any power over you. Ralph Waldo Emerson
The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness. Michel de Montaigne
Not being able to govern events, I govern myself. Michel de Montaigne
The mind is everything. What you think you become. Buddha
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom. Thomas Jefferson
Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes. Carl Gustav Jung
I don’t like that man. I must get to know him better. Abraham Lincoln
Complete abstinence is easier than perfect moderation. Augustine of Hippo
When you give yourself, you receive more than you give. Antoine de Saint-Exupery
If you think you know the answer, you’re far from wise. Trent Hamm
Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers. Voltaire
We all make choices, but in the end our choices make us.
I am not what happened to me, I am what I choose to become. Carl Gustav Jung
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough. Lao Tzu
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know. Lao Tzu
The wisest man is generally he who thinks himself the least so. Nicolas Baileau
Never let the things you want make you forget the things you have.
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
As far as I’m concerned, I prefer silent vice to ostentatious virtue. Albert Einstein
To become a spectator of one’s own life is to escape the suffering of life. Oscar Wilde
Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results. Albert Einstein
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. Mark Twain
Courage, dear heart. C.S. Lewis
From caring comes courage. Lao Tzu
Don’t stop until you’re proud.
Courage doesn’t always roar. Mary Anne Radmacher
What keeps me going is goals. Muhammad Ali
Life is tough but so you are.
Fortune and love favor the brave. Ovid
I’m strong because I’ve been weak.
The best way out is always through. Robert Frost
There is no education like adversity. Benjamin Disraeli
One man with courage makes a majority. Andrew Jackson
I’m fearless because I’ve been afraid.
The pain you feel now, will be a strength after some time.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune. Benjamin Disraeli
Because of a great love, one is courageous. Lao Tzu
Tough times never last, but tough people do.
Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks. Herodotus
He that can have patience can have what he will. Benjamin Franklin
Rock bottom has built more heroes than privilege.
I’ve never met a strong person with an easy past.
Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember. Seneca
Courage is like a muscle; it is strengthened by use. Ruth Gordon
It doesn’t matter how slow you go as long as you don’t stop. Confucius  
Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life. J. K. Rowling
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong. Mahatma Gandhi
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. Mother Teresa
The world breaks everyone, and afterwards many are strong at the broken places. Ernest Hemingway
People cry, not because they’re weak. It’s because they’ve been strong for too long. Johnny Depp
Life is very interesting. In the end, some of your greatest pains become your greatest strengths. Drew Barrymore
Persevere and get it done. George Allen Sr
Never, never, never give up. Winston Churchill
Much effort, much prosperity. Euripides
Slow and steady wins the race.
How long should you try? Until. Jim Rohn
If you don’t ask, you don’t get. Stevie Wonder
Nothing worth having comes easy.
I will not walk backward in life. J. R. R. Tolkien
It’s pain that changes our lives. Steve Martin
Our whole life is solving puzzles. Erno Rubik
The struggle is part of the story.
Persevere in virtue and diligence. Plautus
Life is short and progress is slow. Gabriel Lippmann
No great thing is created suddenly. Epictetus
God helps those who help themselves. Benjamin Franklin
Patience is the companion of wisdom. Augustine of Hippo
Perseverance, secret of all triumphs. Victor Hugo
Victory belongs to the most persevering. Napoleon Bonaparte
I’m a slow walker, but I never walk back. Abraham Lincoln
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. Albert Einstein
Never give up on the things that make you smile.
He that can have patience can have what he will. Benjamin Franklin
A lost battle is a battle one thinks one has lost. Jean-Paul Sartre
Perseverance is a virtue that cannot be understated. Bob Riley
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. Lao Tzu
You may see me struggle, but you will never see me quit.
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th. Julie Andrews
Thankfully, persistence is a great substitute for talent. Steve Martin
You get credit for what you finished, not what you started.
I was taught the way of progress is neither swift nor easy. Marie Curie
Persistence is to the character of man as carbon is to steel. Napoleon Hill
A man will fight harder for his interests than for his rights. Napoleon Bonaparte
Anyone who has ever made anything of importance was disciplined. Andrew Hendrixson
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles. Charlie Chaplin
No matter how you feel, get up, dress up, show up and never give up.
Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion. Muhammad Ali
Difficult things take a long time, impossible things a little longer.
It’s not that I’m so smart, it’s just that I stay with problems longer. Albert Einstein  
A river cuts through a rock not because of its power but its persistence.
The will to persevere is often the difference between failure and success. David Sarnoff
Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in. Bill Bradley
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other. Walter Elliot
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success. Napoleon Hill
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure. Benjamin Disraeli
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did. Newt Gingrich
It is the cheerful mind that is persevering. It is the strong mind that hews its way through a thousand difficulties. Swami Sivananda
Belief creates the actual fact. William James
Believing requires action. James E. Faust
Prayer is man’s greatest power. W. Clement Stone
To me faith means not worrying. John Dewey
Set goals. Say prayers. Work hard.
Faith is spiritualized imagination. Henry Ward Beecher
Empty yourself and let God fill you.
God gives where he finds empty hands. Augustine of Hippo
Faith is the quiet cousin of courage. Judith Hanson Lasater
Faith makes things possible, not easy.  
In art as in love, instinct is enough. Anatole France
A man of courage is also full of faith. Marcus Tullius Cicero
Faith: not wanting to know what is true. Friedrich Nietzsche
Unless you believe, you will not understand. Augustine of Hippo
I believe life takes us where we need to be. Sasha Alexander
The Lord is greater than the giants you face. John 4.9
If you’re praying about it. God is working on it.
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around. Henry David Thoreau
Prayer is to be in love, to be in love with the whole. Osho
Do not pray for an easier life, pray to be a stronger man. John F. Kennedy
Faith is not something to grasp, it is a state to grow into. Mahatma Gandhi
Prayer is the key of the morning and the bolt of the evening. Mahatma Gandhi (See also: good morning quotes)
When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time. Maya Angelou
Let life happen to you. Believe me: life is in the right, always. Rainer Maria Rilke
Faith is believing in something when common sense tells you not to.
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope. Martin Luther King Jr
Faith is taking the first step even when you don’t see the whole staircase. Martin Luther King Jr
Pursue some path, however narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence. Henry David Thoreau
Humor comes from self-confidence. Rita Mae Brown
I think you should just go for it.
We are always the same age inside. Gertrude Stein
Trust is the greatest intelligence. Osho
Confidence is one of the sexiest things. Katherine Jenkins
You have to laugh, especially at yourself. Madonna
Confidence is a stain they can’t wipe off. Lil Wayne
All anything takes, really, is confidence. Rachel Ward
Coffee in one hand. Confidence in the other.
Confidence comes from discipline and training. Robert Kiyosaki
A certain death of an artist is overconfidence. Robin Trower
Your energy introduces you before you even speak.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. William James
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence. Vince Lombardi
As is our confidence, so is our capacity. William Hazlitt
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The most beautiful thing you can wear is confidence. Blake Lively
Talk to yourself like you would to someone you love. Brene Brown
Courage is a mean with regard to fear and confidence. Aristotle
A tiger doesn’t lose sleep over the opinion of sheep.
Stop doubting yourself, work hard and make it happen.
With confidence, you have won before you have started. Marcus Garvey
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. Eleanor Roosevelt
Confidence cannot find a place wherein to rest in safety. Virgil
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Confidence is the most important single factor in this game. Jack Nicklaus
Self-confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings. Samuel Johnson  
All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure. Mark Twain
Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger. Arnold Palmer
I’m always impressed by confidence, kindness and a sense of humor. Tamara Mellon
Nothing builds self-esteem and self-confidence like accomplishment. Thomas Carlyle
The hardest step she ever took was to blindly trust in who she was. Atticus
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. Dale Carnegie
The circulation of confidence is better than the circulation of money. James Madison
I have great faith in fools – self-confidence my friends will call it. Edgar Allan Poe
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are. Malcolm S. Forbes
Confidence in the goodness of another is good proof of one’s own goodness. Michel de Montaigne
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the face. Helen Keller
Confidence is not ‘they will like me’. Confidence is ‘I’ll be fine if they don’t’.
I do not believe in taking the right decision, I take a decision and make it right. Muhammad Ali Jinnah
The more you know who you are and what you want, the less you let things upset you.
My confidence comes from the daily grind – training my butt off day in and day out. Hope Solo
A ‘No’ uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a ‘Yes’ merely uttered to please, or worse, to avoid trouble. Mahatma Gandhi
Go wild, for a while.
Creativity takes courage. Henri Matisse
An artist is an explorer. Henri Matisse
Imagination rules the world. Napoleon Bonaparte
Be anything but predictable.
Creativity is not a competition.
Zeal will do more than knowledge. William Hazlitt  
Pure logic is the ruin of the spirit. Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Without freedom, there is no creation. Jiddu Krishnamurti
Creativity comes from a conflict of ideas. Donatella Versace
The man who has no imagination has no wings. Muhammad Ali
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. Oscar Wilde
The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt. Sylvia Plath
The chief enemy of creativity is good sense. Pablo Picasso
You were born an original, don’t die a copy.
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Dr. Seuss
Name the greatest of all inventors. Accident. Mark Twain
Originality is nothing but judicious imitation. Voltaire
Creativity is the greatest rebellion in existence. Osho
Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative. Oscar Wilde
I begin with an idea, and then it becomes something else. Pablo Picasso
Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties. Erich Fromm
Creativity – like human life itself – begins in darkness. Julia Cameron
In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different. Coco Chanel
Mystery is at the heart of creativity. That, and surprise. Julia Cameron
No great mind has ever existed without a touch of madness. Aristotle
A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament. Oscar Wilde
The inner fire is the most important thing mankind possesses. Edith Södergran
There is no innovation and creativity without failure. Period. Brene Brown
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong. Joseph Chilton Pearce
A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on. John F. Kennedy
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination. Albert Einstein
If you want something new, you have to stop doing something old. Peter F. Drucker
Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist. Pablo Picasso
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation. Herman Melville
Fashion’s not about looking back. It’s always about looking forward. Anna Wintour
The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind. Albert Einstein
When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy. Rumi
I never made one of my discoveries through the process of rational thinking. Albert Einstein
If you want something you never had, you have to do something you’ve never done.
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep. Scott Adams
The doer alone learneth. Friedrich Nietzsche
Be curious. Not judgmental. Walt Whitman
Sometimes you win, sometimes you learn. John Maxwell  
They know enough who know how to learn. Henry Adams
Life is trying things to see if they work.
The only source of knowledge is experience. Albert Einstein
Any fool can know. The point is to understand. Albert Einstein
I never learned from a man who agreed with me. Robert A. Heinlein
Change is the end result of all true learning. Leo Buscaglia
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Albert Einstein
The wise learns many things from their enemies. Aristophanes
As long as you live, keep learning how to live. Seneca
The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding. Leonardo da Vinci
Blessed are the curious for they shall have adventures.
The most necessary learning is that which unlearns evil. Antisthenes
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious. Albert Einstein
I am learning all the time. The tombstone will be my diploma. Eartha Kitt
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning. Bill Gates
Real learning comes about when the competitive spirit has ceased. Jiddu Krishnamurti
It is only when we forget all our learning that we begin to know. Henry David Thoreau
I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen. Ernest Hemingway
Education is soul crafting. Cornel West
Love is a better teacher than duty. Albert Einstein
Nine tenths of education is encouragement. Anatole France
Those who know how to think need no teachers. Mahatma Gandhi
It is a wise father that knows his own child. William Shakespeare
The highest result of education is tolerance. Helen Keller
Teaching is the highest form of understanding. Aristotle
A book is a dream that you hold in your hands. Neil Gaiman
Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced. John Keats
A student of life considers the world a classroom. Harvey Mackay
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. Benjamin Franklin
Don’t let schooling interfere with your education. Mark Twain
Children have more need of models than of critics. Carolyn Coats
Education is the ability to meet life’s situations. Dr. John G. Hibben
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance. Andy McIntyre
The great aim of education is not knowledge but action. Herbert Spencer  
A child educated only at school is an uneducated child. George Santayana
Teachers open the door, but you must enter by yourself. Chinese proverb
Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience. Paulo Coelho
Experience, travel. These are an education in themselves. Euripides
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet. Aristotle
There is no greater education than one that is self-driven. Neil deGrasse Tyson
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned. Seneca
Education is not filling a pail but the lighting of a fire. William Butler Yeats
I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think. Socrates
In this life, all you need is for someone to believe in you. J. R. Martinez
If you want happiness for a lifetime, help the next generation. Chinese saying
The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled. Plutarch
Education is not preparation for life; education is life itself. John Dewey
Educate the children and it won’t be necessary to punish the men. Pythagoras
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page. Augustine of Hippo
It’s not that hard to stay grounded. It’s the way I was brought up. Sidney Crosby
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all. Aristotle
To be successful in life what you need is education, not literacy and degrees. Munshi Premchand
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school. Albert Einstein
If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them, and half as much money. Abigail Van Buren
Work without love is slavery. Mother Teresa
Don’t be busy, be productive.
Forget shortcuts, work for it.
Work to become, not to acquire.
Well done is better than well said.
Go the extra mile – it’s never crowded.
You have to fight to reach your dream. Lionel Messi
Do your duty today and repent tomorrow. Mark Twain
What is once well done is done forever. Henry David Thoreau
Don’t mistake activity with achievement. John Wooden
All happiness depends on courage and work. Honore de Balzac
You are not your resume, you are your work. Seth Godin
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds. Gordon B. Hinckley
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do. Rumi
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. Aristotle
I learned the value of hard work by working hard. Margaret Mead
Work hard in silence. Let success make the noise.
Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen. Conan O’Brien  
Work until you no longer have to introduce yourself.
The beginning is the most important part of the work. Plato
The reward of one duty is the power to fulfill another. George Eliot
Once you do something you love, you never have to work again. Willie Hill
Nearly everything you do is of no importance, but it is important that you do it. Mahatma Gandhi
Do not hire a man who does your work for money, but him who does it for love of it. Henry David Thoreau
Without work, all life goes rotten. But when work is soulless, life stifles and dies. Albert Camus
Never work just for money or power. They won’t save your soul or help you sleep at night. Marian Wright Edelman
Leadership is influence. John C. Maxwell
One must steer, not talk. Seneca
We rise by lifting others.
A leader is a dealer in hope. Napoleon Bonaparte
To lead people walk behind them. Lao Tzu
A good example is the best sermon. Benjamin Franklin
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm. Publilius Syrus
The speed of the leader is the speed of the gang. Mary Kay Ash
A ruler should be slow to punish and swift to reward. Ovid
He who is not a good servant will not be a good master. Plato
Each person must live their life as a model for others. Rosa Parks
Leaders don’t create followers, they create more leaders. Tom Peters
The strength of the group is the strength of the leaders. Vince Lombardi
You don’t have to hold a position in order to be a leader. Henry Ford
Build your reputation by helping other people build theirs. Anthony J. D’Angelo
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality. Warren Bennis
When you can’t make them see the light, make them feel the heat. Ronald Reagan  
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others. Robert Louis Stevenson
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart. Eleanor Roosevelt
To be a leader, bring certainty, to an environment where there isn’t any. Tony Robbins
Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing. Albert Schweitzer
A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus. Martin Luther King Jr
May you live your life as if the maxim of your actions were to become universal law. Immanuel Kant
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
Attitude is everything. Charles Swindoll
Be groovy or leave, man. Bob Dylan
A true man hates no one. Napoleon Bonaparte
What you are comes to you. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Who sows virtue reaps honor. Leonardo da Vinci
Don’t find fault, find a remedy. Henry Ford
A great mind becomes a great fortune. Seneca
Humor is mankind’s greatest blessing. Mark Twain
The greatest remedy for anger is delay. Seneca
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. William Shakespeare
Showing off is the fool’s idea of glory. Bruce Lee
Let’s not be narrow, nasty, and negative. T. S. Eliot
Be someone who you would want to be around. Craig Jarrow
Energy and persistence conquer all things. Benjamin Franklin
A great man is always willing to be little. Ralph Waldo Emerson  
Ethics is nothing else than reverence for life. Albert Schweitzer
Humility is the solid foundation of all virtues. Confucius
Goodness is the only investment that never fails. Henry David Thoreau
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend. Henry David Thoreau
A quick temper will make a fool of you soon enough. Bruce Lee
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. Albert Einstein
Swallow your pride, you will not die, it’s not poison. Bob Dylan
Attention is the rarest and purest form of generosity.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. Winston Churchill
Don’t talk, act. Don’t say, show. Don’t promise, prove.
Remind yourself that your task is to be a good human being. Marcus Aurelius
Be careless in your dress if you will, but keep a tidy soul. Mark Twain
Let us train our minds to desire what the situation demands. Seneca
Really great people make you feel that you, too, can become great. Mark Twain
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one. Marcus Aurelius
Being both soft and strong is a combination very few have mastered.
The firm, the enduring, the simple, and the modest are near to virtue. Confucius
Life is good when we think it’s good. Life is bad when we don’t think. Douglas Horton
Drop all your scientific attitudes. Become a little more fluid, more melting, more merging. Osho
Instead of asking ‘what do I want from life?’, a more powerful question is, ‘what does life want from me?’. Eckhart Tolle
To hold a pen is to be at war. Voltaire
Easy reading is damn hard writing. Nathaniel Hawthorne
Write what should not be forgotten. Isabel Allende
The first draft of anything is shit. Ernest Hemingway
An author, behind his words, is naked. Terri Guillemets
Tears are words that need to be written. Paulo Coelho
If it sounds like writing, I rewrite it. Elmore Leonard
Every writer I know has trouble writing. Joseph Heller
The wastebasket is a writer’s best friend. Isaac Bashevis Singer
A word after a word after a word is power. Margaret Atwood
If I don’t write to empty my mind, I go mad. Lord Byron
The best style is the style you don’t notice. Somerset Maugham
Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart. William Wordsworth
The scariest moment is always just before you start. Stephen King
A professional writer is an amateur who didn’t quit. Richard Bach
You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you. Ray Bradbury
One day I will find the right words, and they will be simple. Jack Kerouac  
We write to taste life twice, in the moment and in retrospect. Anaïs Nin
The art of writing is the art of discovering what you believe. Gustave Flaubert
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. Maya Angelou
There is no real ending. It’s just the place where you stop the story. Frank Herbert
Writing is an exploration. You start from nothing and learn as you go. E. L. Doctorow
The purpose of a writer is to keep civilization from destroying itself. Albert Camus
The most beautiful things are those that madness prompts and reason writes. André Gide
There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed. Ernest Hemingway
Write with conviction. Pick a side and be bold. And if you’re wrong, admit it. Jeff Goins
Imagination is like a muscle. I found out that the more I wrote, the bigger it got. Philip Jose Farmer
We have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down. Kurt Vonnegut
All you have to do is write one true sentence. Write the truest sentence that you know. Ernest Hemingway
Better to write for yourself and have no public, than to write for the public and have no self. Cyril Connolly
Change before you have to. Jack Welch
To say goodbye is to die a little. Raymond Chandler
There is nothing so stable as change. Bob Dylan
It is in changing that we find purpose. Heraclitus
Every day is a chance to change your life.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world. Mahatma Gandhi
Our only security is our ability to change. John Lilly
Change your thoughts and you change your world. Norman Vincent Peale
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change. Stephen Hawking
No map is possible because life goes on changing. Osho
If it doesn’t challenge you, it won’t change you.
It is never too late to be what you might have been. George Eliot
Change is not merely necessary to life – it is life. Alvin Toffler
If you want to make enemies, try to change something. Woodrow Wilson
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be. John Wooden
You affect your subconscious mind by verbal repetition. W. Clement Stone
When you blame others, you give up your power to change. Robert Anthony
It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory. W. Edwards Deming  
Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays. Soren Kierkegaard
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often. Winston Churchill
To change one’s life: Start immediately. Do it flamboyantly. William James
Only the new, accepted deeply and totally, can transform you. Osho
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world. Robin Williams
Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Let your smile change the world, but don’t let the world change your smile.
The world hates change, yet it is the only thing that has brought progress. Charles Kettering
To change the world I have to change myself, break away from my conditioning. Jiddu Krishnamurti
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. Leo Tolstoy
You can’t start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one.
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do. Steve Jobs
The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new. Socrates
Much effort, much prosperity. Euripides
Make your life a masterpiece. Brian Tracy
Success is the child of audacity. Benjamin Disraeli
The best revenge is massive success. Franck Sinatra
A goal without a plan is just a wish. Antoine de Saint-Exupery
I never dream of success. I worked for it. Estee Lauder
The harder the battle the sweeter the victory. Bob Marley
Action is the foundational key to all success. Pablo Picasso
The secret of success is constancy of purpose. Benjamin Disraeli
What you think today is what you live tomorrow. Remez Sasson
Success is where preparation and opportunity meet. Bobby Unser
Be content to act, and leave the talking to others. Baltasar
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom. George S. Patton
No one knows what to say in the loser’s locker room. Muhammad Ali
If you have no critics you’ll likely have no success. Malcolm X
Everybody pities the weak; jealousy you have to earn. Arnold Schwarzenegger
The measure of success is happiness and peace of mind. Bobby Davro
I couldn’t wait for success, so I went ahead without it. Jonathan Winters
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. Arthur Ashe
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success. Alexander Graham Bell
Success is the accumulation of small advantages over time. Aaron Lynn
The path to success is to take massive, determined action. Tony Robbins
The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people. Harvey S. Firestone
Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. John R. Wooden
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. Thomas Jefferson  
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up. Vince Lombardi
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. Bruce Lee
I attribute my success to this – I never gave or took any excuse. Florence Nightingale
My success isn’t a result of arrogance – it’s a result of belief. Conor McGregor
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. Robert Collier
I always wanted to be the best and to get the most out of myself. Sidney Crosby
Success is only meaningful and enjoyable if it feels like your own. Michelle Obama
Success is largely a matter of holding on after others have let go. William Feather
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. Henry David Thoreau
I want to be the best, so whatever comes with that, I’ll have to accept. Sidney Crosby
Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day. Jim Rohn
I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed. Michael Jordan
Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm. Winston Churchill
Fear and time are inseparable. Jiddu Krishnamurti
Fear is stupid. So are regrets. Marilyn Monroe
Where fear is, happiness is not. Seneca
Take every chance. Drop every fear.
Fear makes the wolf bigger than he is. German proverb
Fear is the voice of the rational mind.
Don’t let anyone ever dull your sparkle.
Fear is destructive; love is a creative energy. Osho
If it scares you, it might be a good thing to try. Seth Godin
Limits, like fear, is often an illusion. Michael Jordan
Fear tricks us into living a boring life. Donald Miller
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom. Bertrand Russell
People living deeply have no fear of death. Anaïs Nin
I’ll tell you what freedom is to me: no fear.
Fear is temporary. Regrets last forever.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. Franklin D. Roosevelt
Thinking will not overcome fear but action will. W. Clement Stone
Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will. James Stephens
The constant assertion of belief is an indication of fear. Jiddu Krishnamurti
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. George Addair
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood. Marie Curie
The mind that is always after explanations is an afraid mind. Osho
Sometimes the fear won’t go away, so you’ll have to do it afraid.  
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear. Mark Twain
Fear has two meanings – Forget Everything And Run or Face Everything And Rise.
Fear is the absence of love. Do something with love, forget about fear. If you love well, fear disappears. Osho
Don’t worry, be happy. Bobby McFerrin
Worry less, smile more.
Pray, and let God worry. Martin Luther
What worries you, masters you. John Locke
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom. Soren Kierkegaard
It’s ok to worry – it means you care.  
The sovereign cure for worry is prayer. William James
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow. Swedish proverb
Most things I worry about never happen anyway. Tom Petty
You can destroy your now by worrying about tomorrow. Janis Joplin
I never worry about action, but only about inaction. Winston Churchill
As a cure for worrying, work is better than whiskey. Thomas A. Edison
A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work. John Lubbock
The mind that is anxious about the future is miserable. Seneca
I try not to worry about things I can’t do anything about. Christopher Walken
Worry is a useless mulling over of things we cannot change. Peace Pilgrim
We want predictability, even though it’s impossible to get. Henri Junttila
The problem is that worrying doesn’t actually solve anything. Celestine Chua
Let our advance worrying become advance thinking and planning. Winston Churchill
Throw off your worries when you throw off your clothes at night. Napoleon Bonaparte
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy. Leo Buscaglia
My life has been full of terrible misfortunes most of which never happened. Michel de Montaigne
Worry is like a rocking chair: it gives you something to do but never gets you anywhere. Erma Bombeck
Stumbling is not falling. Malcolm X
I’ll be ok. Just not today.
Turn your wounds into wisdom. Oprah Winfrey
Better an ‘oops’ than a ‘what if’.
Failure’s a natural part of life. John Malkovich
Giving up is the greatest failure. Jack Ma
Not failure, but low aim, is crime. James Russell Lowell
If you never try you’ll never know.
I never lose. Either I win or I learn.
Mistakes are the portals of discovery. James Joyce
Avoiding failure is to avoid progress.
My reputation grows with every failure. George Bernard Shaw
Failure is success if we learn from it. Malcolm Forbes
Reward worthy failure – experimentation. Bill Gates
Failure is a detour, not a dead-end street. Zig Ziglar
Experience is the name we give to our mistakes. Oscar Wilde
Remember that failure is an event, not a person. Zig Ziglar
There are no mistakes or failures, only lessons. Denis Waitley
Fear of failure has always been my best motivator. Douglas Wood
Failure is not falling down but refusing to get up. Chinese proverb
You have to be able to accept failure to get better. LeBron James
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be. John Wooden
There are some defeats more triumphant than victories. Michel de Montaigne
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. Truman Capote
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble. Shahrukh Khan
The sooner you fail, the less afraid you are to fail again. Brendan Baker
Error is just as important a condition of life as truth. Carl Gustav Jung
Once you can accept failure, you can have fun and success. Rickey Henderson
Testing leads to failure, and failure leads to understanding. Burt Rutan
Ambitious failure, magnificent failure, is a very good thing. Guy Kawasaki
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out. Benjamin Franklin
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood. Helen Keller  
The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success. Paramahansa Yogananda
You get knocked down, you get up, brush yourself off, and you get back to work. Barack Obama
I’d rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate. George Burns
The only failure one should fear, is not hugging to the purpose they see as best. George Eliot
Regrets belong to the past. Marlon Brando
Life’s too short for regrets. Nicholas Hoult
Remorse is the poison of life. Charlotte Bronte
You will never regret being kind.
My head has got regrets, but I haven’t. Frank Bruno
There are no regrets in life, just lessons. Jennifer Aniston
Never regret something that made you smile.
Regret for wasted time is more wasted time. Mason Cooley
Fear is only temporary. Regrets last forever.  
Regrets are ridiculous, so I don’t regret, no. Nicole Kidman
Regrets are the natural property of grey hairs. Charles Dickens
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence. Publilius Syrus
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn’t take.
Never look back unless you are planning to go that way. Henry David Thoreau
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams. John Barrymore
Never make permanent decisions based on temporary feelings.
Before it’s too late, tell them everything you’ve ever wanted to say.
Never regret anything because one time it was exactly what you wanted.
I don’t regret a thing I’ve done. I only regret the things I didn’t do. Ingrid Bergman
Be so good they can’t ignore you. Steve Martin
Be happy. It drives people crazy.
Silence is the best reply to a fool.
The haters always scream the loudest. Tucker Max
They told me I couldn’t. That’s why I did.
I don’t have to be what you want me to be. Muhammad Ali
Your opinion of me doesn’t define who I am.
Hustle until your haters ask if you’re hiring.
Learn not to give a fuck, you will be happier.
To refrain from imitation is the best revenge. Marcus Aurelius
Have you ever met a hater doing better than you?
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends. Abraham Lincoln
You never look good trying to make someone look bad.
Ask for help, they laugh. Do it yourself, they hate.
Haters keep on hating, cause somebody’s gotta do it. Chris Brown
Always forgive your enemies. Nothing annoys them so much. Oscar Wilde  
Your love makes me strong, your hate makes me unstoppable. Cristiano Ronaldo
If they don’t know you personally, don’t take it personal.
You pick up some fans and a handful of haters along the way. Bruno Mars
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury. Marcus Aurelius
Dear haters, I’m flattered that I’m a trending topic in your life.
Whenever you are confronted with an opponent. Conquer him with love. Mahatma Gandhi
Don’t worry about those who talk behind your back, they’re behind you for a reason.
A hater is nothing but a fan. They just don’t know how to express it in positive way. Bar Refaeli
Haters don’t really hate you, they hate themselves. You’re a reflection of what they wish to be.
I’m thankful for all those difficult people in my life, they have shown me exactly who I don’t want to be.
See also: self-esteem quotes
Doubts are death. Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
Inactivity is death. Benito Mussolini
Security is a kind of death. Tennessee Williams
My life, my death, my choice. Terry Pratchett
Death is a debt we all must pay. Euripides
Death is the final wake-up call. Douglas Horton
Death, only, renders hope futile. Edgar Rice Burroughs
Every man dies. Not every man lives. William Wallace
Death is the beginning of something. Edith Piaf
Our business is with life, not death. George Wald
I don’t want to die without any scars. Chuck Palahniuk
Death is a distant rumor to the young. Andrew A. Rooney
Death is just life’s next big adventure. J. K. Rowling
Enjoy life now – one day you’ll be dead.
He who doesn’t fear death dies only once. Giovanni Falcone
Grief does not change you, it reveals you. John Green
Death is frightening, and so is Eternal Life. Mason Cooley
The idea is to die young as late as possible. Ashley Montagu
I would rather die of passion than of boredom. Vincent van Gogh
You cannot save people, you can only love them.
I feel monotony and death to be almost the same. Charlotte Bronte
If by my life or death I can protect you, I will. J. R. R. Tolkien
Guilt is perhaps the most painful companion of death. Coco Chanel
A man who won’t die for something is not fit to live. Martin Luther King Jr
A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time. Mark Twain
Do not fear death so much but rather the inadequate life. Bertolt Brecht
The death of something can become your greatest strength.
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it. Oscar Wilde
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely. Buddha
I have no fear of death. More important, I don’t fear life. Steven Seagal
Our dead are never dead to us, until we have forgotten them. George Eliot
My fear was not of death itself, but a death without meaning. Huey Newton
Don’t take life too seriously. You’ll never get out of it alive. Elbert Hubbard  
Death is the only pure, beautiful conclusion of a great passion. D. H. Lawrence
Take care of your life and the Lord will take care of your death. George Whitefield
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure. J.K. Rowling
If life must not be taken too seriously, then so neither must death. Samuel Butler
It is not death or pain that is to be dreaded, but the fear of pain or death. Epictetus
It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more. J.K. Rowling
We all die. The goal isn’t to live forever, the goal is to create something that will. Chuck Palahniuk
Go to table of contents
Life is too short to wait.  
Life is too short to worry.
Well, you and I only have one life.
Life is too short to be little. Benjamin Disraeli
Life is too short to be serious.
Life is too short to be miserable. Rita Mae Brown
Life is too short not to experiment. Jamelia
Life is short. Do stuff that matters.
Life is too short to even care at all.
Life is a one-time offer. Use it well.
Smile. Life is too short to be unhappy.
Don’t wait. Life goes faster than you think.
Time flies, whether you’re wasting it or not. Crystal Woods
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one. Wayne Dyer
Expect an early death – it will keep you busier. Martin H. Fischer
Life is short. Smile while you still have teeth.
Life is too short to spend it at war with yourself.
Life is so, so short. Bible says it’s like a vapor. Muhammad Ali
Life is too short to harbor any hostilities towards anybody. Peabo Bryson
Holding a grudge is letting someone live rent-free in your head.
Be patient and understanding. Life is too short to be vengeful or malicious. Phillips Brooks
Life is too short to hide your feelings. Don’t be afraid to say what you feel.
Life is so short, so beautiful. Don’t be so serious about the work. Enjoy the life. Jack Ma 
Life is too short to worry about stupid things. Have fun. Regret nothing, and don’t let people bring you down.